{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title B2W_CopyDeck}}\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Copy Deck for Bootstrap to WordPress\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\fs36 \cf0 HOME PAGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 How You Can Boost Your Income\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Whether you\'92re a freelance designer, entrepreneur, employee for a company, code hobbyist, or looking for a new career \'97 this course gives you an immensely valuable skill that will enable you to either:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Make Money on The Side\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 So you can save up for that Hawaiian vacation you\'92ve been wanting, help pay off your debt, your car, your mortgage, or simply just to have bonus cash laying around.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Create a Full-Time Income\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 WordPress developers have options. Many developers make a generous living off of creating custom WordPress themes and selling them on websites like ThemeForest. Freelance designers and developers can also take on WordPress projects and make an extra $1,000 - $5,000+ per month.\
\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Who Should Take This Course?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 Graphic & Web Designers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Graphic designers are extremely talented, but ask them to code their designs and they\'92ll freeze up! This leaves them with no other choice but to hire a web developer. Any professional graphic designers knows web developers can be expensive.\
If you\'92re a designer, learning to code your own WordPress websites can change your business entirely! Now, not only are you a great designer, but you\'92re a skillful developer, too! This puts you in a position to 
\b make an extra $1,000 \'96 $5,000 per project.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Entrepreneurs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Entrepreneurs have big dreams, and in many cases, shoestring budgets. In order to survive in the cut-throat world of the Startup company, it\'92s a necessity to have a world-class website. However, world-class websites come with a large price tag.\
If you can learn how to build a high-quality startup website by yourself, then you\'92ve just saved yourself a lot of cash, 
\b tens of thousands of dollars in many cases.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Employees\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Any company knows the education & training of their employees is key to a thriving team.\
Depending on the type of company you work for, if you understand how to code, and can develop CMS driven websites, that gives you 
\b negotiating power for a better position, or a higher salary.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Code Hobbyists\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s fun to learn challenging new skills. Code hobbyists can add dynamic websites to their arsenal of tools to play with \'97 you can even 
\b sell WordPress themes and plugins for cash!
\b0  The possibilities are truly endless.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 People Looking for a New Career\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Are you out of work? Looking for a more rewarding job? Desire a career that can allow you to work almost anywhere in the world? Becoming a Web Developer might be the answer for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Web developers are paid well, anywhere from $33,000 to more than $105,000 per year.
\b0  They get to work at amazing companies that are changing the world, or they enjoy the ability to start their own companies, become location-independent and work from home, from coffee shops, in an airplane, on the beach, or wherever they want!\
\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Course Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Lifetime access to 80+ lectures\
10+ hours of HD video content\
30-day money back guarantee\
Access to a community of like-minded students\
Direct access to the instructor\
Accessible content on your mobile devices\
\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Final Project Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Throughout this entire course, you work towards building an incredibly beautiful website. Want to see the website you are going to build? You're looking at it! The website you're using right now is the website you will have built entirely by yourself, by the end of this course.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Sexy & Modern Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 You get to work with a modern, professional quality design & layout.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Quality HTML5 & CSS3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 You'll learn how hand-craft a stunning website with valid, semantic and beautiful HTML5 & CSS3.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Easy-to-use CMS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Allow your clients to easily update their websites by converting your static websites to dynamic websites, using WordPress.\
\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Your Instructor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Brad Hussey\
A highly skilled professional, Brad Hussey is a passionate and experienced web designer, developer, blogger and digital entrepreneur.\
Hailing from North Of The Wall (Yellowknife, Canada), Brad made the trek to the Wet Coast (Vancouver, Canada) to educate and equip himself with the necessary skills to become a spearhead in his trade of solving problems on the web, crafting design solutions, and speaking in code. Brad's determination and love for what he does has landed him in some pretty interesting places with some neat people. He's had the privilege of working with, and providing solutions for, numerous businesses, big & small, across the Americas. Brad builds custom websites, and provides design solutions for a wide-array of clientele at his company, Brightside Studios. He regularly blogs about passive income, living your life to the fullest, and provides premium quality web design tutorials and courses for tens of thousands of amazing people desiring to master their craft.\
\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 RESOURCES PAGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \'97\
Welcome to the Bootstrap to WordPress resources page! On this page, I will provide you with useful resources, plugins, tools, applications, and websites to help make your life as a coder a little bit easier. 
\b I recommend adding this page to your bookmarks for convenient future reference.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf0 Please keep in mind that some of the following resources are my affiliate links, and should you decide to make a purchase, I will earn a small commission \'97 at no extra cost to you! I am recommending these resources only because I have found them to be incredibly helpful. Don\'92t spend your money on any products or resources unless you think they will benefit you.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Justhost\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 When I made my very first website about 7 years ago, I signed up with Justhost \'97 and I\'92ve never looked back! Since then, I\'92ve built hundreds of websites with Justhost as my only hosting provider. I recommend these guys to all of my clients, my students, my family and friends.\
If you\'92re looking to start your very first website, or are looking for a reliable hosting provider \'97 look no further. You get a free domain name for life, great customer service, unlimited domains, unlimited email accounts, unlimited GBs of space, an anytime money back guarantee and my favourite part: You can set up a blog website in minutes with 1-click WordPress Install. These guys are awesome!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Coda 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you\'92re serious about coding, or you want to start out with a solid tool to code with, I strongly recommend Coda 2 for Mac. A beautiful User Interface with tabbed navigation, a super sidebar, and a simple layout. The features are outrageous and extensive, with code folding, smart complete, auto indentation, GIT integration, a built-in terminal, iCloud support \'97 to name a few. The features seem to be endless.\
I use Coda 2 for all of my courses & tutorials, and if you decide to use Coda 2 as your editor of choice, it would greatly benefit you when taking my courses. The price of the editor weighs in at $75, but it\'92s worth every penny \'97 in my honest opinion.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Dropbox\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 This tool should go without saying. But if I have to explain \'97 you need this tool. I use it 24/7 \'97 literally. Dropbox is where I store my personal & business related data. It\'92s accessible anywhere, and regularly backs up my important information.\
Because my data is accessible anywhere, Dropbox allows me to work on a client project at home, on the bus, in a coffee shop, or at a friend\'92s house. It\'92s truly a gem of a tool, and I think you\'92ll believe me.\
}